as a thought experiment I think it's
often really useful to challenge your
own political views and your own social
values that you may not think of as
political but that really are implicitly
political positions it's important to
challenge your political views and
assumptions by imagining whether or not
you would find them plausible whether or
not you would find them appealing if
they were being preached by some other
political party some other political
party you don't sympathize with so I'm
gonna get right to the point I'm gonna
flesh this out with examples right away
you're all gonna know what I'm talking
about but guys I feel I have to put in a
kind of trigger warning or disclaimer
here that should be easier than ever for
you to follow if you do not want to hear
real talk that involves adult themes my
personal life private experience and
sexuality I have a separate channel I'll
put the link in the description called
active research and foreign opinion and
that you only get the most serious and
respectable content that I do whether
that's on history politics philosophy
linguistics or having you don't get
anything about my autobiographical
personal life sexuality or what-have-you
so guys if you don't want to hear it you
don't want to hear it so this is a kind
of meme that I've seen again and again
especially in the last five years
I showed my girlfriend this a vegan
activist had a photograph of herself
posted to the internet naked two women
together both of them naked and of
course the first thing she's declaring
below this nude photograph of two young
women in the prime of their lives
naked sorry that's worth mentioning you
could be 80 years old and be a vegan
activists you could be 80 years old and
be boasting yourself naked on the
Internet but no it's not what it says
here and the first thing she's saying is
this again this kind of left-wing meme
that images of naked women aren't sexy
and her wording was except when she
chooses to sexualize them that her own
body and her own naked body her own
nudity in public isn't sexual except
when she wants it to be
that was her phrasing so I've seen this
you know again and again it different
for a different kind of angles and
approaches to this I have never seen a
man say this once I've never seen a gay
man say that he's posting like a gay man
who works out of the gym and let's say
gay man who pays to get all his hair
waxed you know so he says a hairless
chasten visi I've never seen a gay man
post sexy pictures of himself and and
say hey this isn't sexy if you think
this is sexy there's something wrong
with you because you are sexualizing it
and that it's it's up to him when not
just his image but his real body
so here's but here's my point there's
nothing left wing about that position
it's actually quite conceivable that a
kind of conservative Catholic right
winger could take the position there's
nothing sexy about the naked body that
many religions around the world have
some traditions you have to do history
of religion a bit where denuding
yourself is associated with humility
with even you know being humbled being
humiliated and formal religious ritual
in fact we adhere in Canada anti-war
protests I remember these especially
during World War one where protestors
who were conservative richest religious
fundamentalists would march in the nude
and even in the Canadian summer
that's pretty mortifying but any
anything other than the hottest day of
the year
marching nude in Canada an even fall or
spring or something that they did these
protests naked and as you can imagine
this was especially challenging to the
police like the police don't really want
to tackle you or you know arrest you or
something if you're if you
she said it caused a great deal of
consternation of studies nude protest
marches this this kind of approach to
human sexuality what would that seem
convincing to you if it were coming from
a right-wing source instead of a
left-wing source and either the the
various sects negative attitudes you
know that I now see on the left wing any
of them could be transposed to their
side and if so what is it that is again
I use the word before what is it that's
even plausible about this to you most of
you already know this about me I grew up
going to nudist colonies my whole
childhood so I had a lot of experience
being around naked people growing up now
there are advantages and disadvantages
to raising your kids going to nudist
colonies and just disclaimer in Canada
that is not normal
Germany a very large percentage of
people go to nude beaches or formally
nudists or natural ists or Natura some
of this quite common in Germany differs
within within Europe from country to
country um Canada is part of the British
Empire and is definitely more
conservative about nudity then say
Australia we also as mentioned don't
really have the climate for being naked
but you know when I was changing clothes
for gym class you know or something in
primary school you know it didn't freak
me out being you know naked in the
change room and of course some boys were
its employees were really kind of
screwed up about taking off their
clothes so there were some there were
some advantages to that Justin was it
being comfortable with and used to being
around naked people
so I already told Melissa this story
because for me at age forty this was
really striking I had a day I'm certain
I was either walking to the gym or I was
walking from the gym to buy groceries
completely banal and you know I was
really consumed with a lot of negative
thoughts
just stuff I'm stressed out about so you
know probably talking to my lawyer or
you know studying Chinese but I
remembered he's being completely
consumed in negative thoughts that
wasn't really you know you're looking
ahead of you on the street but kind of a
lot to think about it a lot in my mind
and in the cold of the Victoria winter
it's not that cold here
but it's pretty cool I didn't notice
until it was right up next to the woman
I passed a young woman in the prime of
her life who was basically topless which
by the way is legal in Canada that's a
right very very few women practice so
she was actually wearing a completely
sheer sheer as the word used a
completely translucent top and she was
again it's actually pretty cold here she
was wearing uh like a parka but she was
intentionally walking with a bucket wide
open this is very strange and jarring
for a number of reasons she wasn't um
she didn't look all dressed up like as
if she was at a she was at a nightclub
or something and I remember I said to
Melissa like this is so shocking to me
partly because I feel I shouldn't be
shocked and you know again maybe it
would have been less shocking if I kind
of seen her coming or something but I
wasn't really paying attention I was
thinking all these Nathan's mine then
all of a sudden there I am really face
to face with frankly a half naked woman
and again she didn't she didn't seem to
want the attention or anything she
wasn't you know she was just walking on
the street I have no idea where she was
coming from her going to it was really
puzzling so if she was even dressed up
like you just been going to a nightclub
or going to a fashion shoot or something
like I would kind of get it but broad
daylight yes
nobody even so like you know you you
might be able to imagine some scenario
yeah it was it was very strange yeah and
it's in it's winter and it's what you
yeah right and what we just well in
Canada you have legal right to in Canada
you have the right to the woman can be
topless in any situation where a man can
be topless again it's gender equality so
if you have a restaurant where the dress
cody's everyone has to wear a shirt
every wants to wear a shirt if you have
a swimming pool where nobody has to wear
a shirt nobody else was sure that's
that's the wrong Canada's is of gender
equality that way anyone we just had
another really peculiar episode that
were you know Melissa wasn't me she
really noticed this but that that was
different the episode we just had was a
woman weren't incredibly revealing
attire in the cold of the cold cold day
and she was really trying to start some
kind of flirtation with me but anyway in
that case she wanted the attention at
least so what we know I guess but you
know it's very strange look sorry um you
know not to not to digress from a
digression here but you know that
experience so that the woman who was
actually the translucent where you know
I didn't want to be thinking about that
it's not my mind it wasn't in the mood
and that really jarring kind of
interruption in the flow of my thoughts
that forced it's like it's just this
brutal reminder no we're not angels in
human form you know we really are a
bunch of bipedal monkeys who for the
most part shave the hair off our faces
not me not lately who put on clothes
who've constructed this semblance of a
civilization set of social mores laws
roles responsibilities and expectations
but you can be given a very jarring
unexpected reminder of to be blunt your
baser animal nature which neither the
left wing or the right wing nor any
religion around the world really has
anything to say about there's nothing
there they're gonna do to change that
you know so anyway but the business of
being in denial about human sexuality
and what it means and what the effects
are especially I mean again is not a
two-year-old woman or something if
you're an attractive young woman in the
prime of your life of exhibiting your
body nude to men in public at random and
the effect that's going to have to have
a mentality of being in denial about
that
saying no it's not gonna have that
effect that to me is very right-wing
it's very conservative it's very
religious it doesn't it doesn't match
with anything in Karl Marx's Communist
Manifesto or something
there's nothing Marxist about there's
nothing left wing about it you know so
on and so forth
I mean the idea it's not all that
popular on the left but on the far left
the idea that the ideal world is a
borderless society that the poor of all
nations should come and gather and
congregate wherever the wealth is that
an unlimited number of people from
Nicaragua should be allowed to walk into
the United States there should be no
borders that unlimited numbers of the
poor should simply come and eat and Los
Angeles or whatever the perceived
destinations are for mass migration
would you would you find that convincing
if it was a right-wing pious Catholic
who was telling you that it's it's to me
it almost sounds more plausible if you
believe in you know God's grace if you
believe that you know ask and the Lord
shall provide if you believe in caring
for the poor and all the stuff that's
built into the Bible is very compatible
with that worldview of a borderless
society of unlimited migration and we're
talking really exclusively here about
migration of the poor and also the the
optimism that none of these people are
going to be escaping criminal charges in
their hometown or none of them are just
gonna be running away from a bad
situation in their hometown you know
what whatever it is that they're running
away from that they're running away from
something yes in in many cases that's
poverty in other cases those are you
know problems with the law or problems
with your family you know or what have
you that to me fits very well into a
horrid right-wing Christian worldview
now I wouldn't support it again I don't
support a borderless society neither
when it comes to the left no when it
comes to right I don't support this
delusion that the whole world can be
embraced as as refugees or as or as
labor migrants or or what have you
certainly you know starting with
my blog on tumblr I was introduced to
just how seriously people and that the
far left now some people know if it's
ten percent of people you know take the
idea that that drug addicts are in no
way bad people it should not be shamed
for being drug addicts even though they
were in no way responsible for their own
actions I put a really sincere
autobiographical statement about my life
then in Perpignan so in Perpignan I had
a newborn baby I was son I was carrying
the baby sometimes I was going grocery
shopping and my wife was carrying the
baby now my ex-wife you know and there
would be crowds of drug addicts around
and of course sums they're there to meet
a dealer they're there for some other
reason and the French police did have a
very respectful kind of civil rights
approach to policing the drug guys every
so often you would see the police you
know assaulting arresting a drug dealer
or what-have-you but I mean they
acknowledged like drug addicts they have
the right to stand around in a park you
know it's you know loitering or
something well they weren't they weren't
pressing some kind of trivial charges
against these people but it made my life
awful every day and there were conflicts
with drug addicts trying to get into our
building you know what I mean there was
a buzzer system to get in and stuff and
you know my French isn't that good I'd
have to speak to them in French and said
no no I'm not letting you in the
building you know I don't know you know
who I don't know who you heard of me but
it's not me I can't you know when it
could be really nasty one woman remember
she was basically going through
withdrawal assume her dealer was inside
she was freaking out you know on the
tour step and just an honest statement
about this it wasn't demonizing drug
acts was just saying you know this is
the reality my life here in Perpignan is
the drug addicts you know make my life
miserable every day and I got these
left-wing people who followed my blog I
guess because of veganism or something
absolutely harshly condemning me were
these saw this is like equivalent to
homophobia like you know they in the
same sense that like oh
homophobe hates someone just because
they're gay
like you hate these people just because
they're they're drug addicts you know
really you know really you know by
private message and in public you know
responses to it on on tumblr and you're
one of them mocking me just saying oh I
feel so sorry for you
because you have to talk to drug users
like as if that's what my my complaint
post answer okay this type of this type
of attitude if it were a conservative
Catholic even a conservative Hindu or
something I mean kind of any of the big
religions if it were some far-right wing
conservative religious person it would
seem more plausible to me because I
understand okay so you have this belief
in the soul or the human spirit being
something that's not really dimmed by
drug addiction or you believe in the
goodness of human nature or something
and you or you believe I shouldn't judge
these people oh okay you know I can see
the line of reasoning there where you
really feel it's important that I'm I'm
super friendly to these drug addicts or
that I'm happy that they're standing
around this way and and you know and so
again you know none of them ever
assaulted me but there was one situation
that came close actually it's it's
really trivial it's not worth it but
some of them tried to kind of interact
with me in a hostile way and just one of
those situations you know could have
been a good benefit so it and when
you've got a newborn baby you know
you're on your P's and Q's and you can
you know getting mugged for your wallet
is one thing if you or your wife are
physically carrying a newborn infant you
know the loof anyway it's it's it's much
more of an existential conflict you know
put it that way
so yeah look us as I say that there have
been some autobiographical anecdotes
here and you know I could go on I mean
none of this stuff and when I look at
basically anyone on the left wing who is
further to the
than Bernie Sanders I see a sort of
gradual accretion of good intentions
that have ossified into totally
irrational and counterproductive
fixations the only purpose of which is
to make the believer feel morally
superior to the unbeliever so I'm less
pious than you I don't believe all
refugees are good people I've known a
lot of refugees if you live in Laos and
Cambodia even if you live in Nice and
Thailand even when I lived in France I'm
sorry no no no a lot of refugees around
the world okay but don't believe all
refugees are good people you kidding me
you know just ridiculous but you know
the point of that belief is not to make
the world a better place it's not to
have a working immigration policy or
refugee policy it's not that they're
interested in doing humanitarian work to
help refugees themselves the point is
this belief makes me feel better than
you and now I'm gonna let you know it
and you know obviously the the fact the
role of this in in the cult of nudity
and of female sexuality as as activism
and stuff okay so you know you're gonna
post pictures of yourself nude on the
internet but you're doing this with the
stated caveat that you feel morally
superior to anyone else who either finds
these pictures erotic or someone else
who's doing the same thing as overt
erotica so you feel superior to other
women who have their own blogs or their
own Instagram page or whatever it is
their own website their own YouTube
channel where they're they're
approaching it in that manner yeah
and look the only other caveat I have to
say in closing is probably the right
wing is worse and I just don't have to
hear it because I have so little cut act
with the right wing people
it wasn't far right-wing people who were
criticizing me on my blog when I was
posting this stuff it's definitely I
know some right-wing people I know some
people in Detroit but lately I've talked
to some people who voted for Donald
Trump that would certainly certainly a
change from the company I normally keep
but for the most part the in an ADIZ on
the other end of the political spectrum
are simply inanity 'he's I do not hear